Hello everyone and welcome to the algorithm analysis and a Big O notation section of this course.
This is just a brief overview video describing what this section will be like.
So as I mentioned in the section we discuss Big-O notation and we discuss it from a level of why we're
doing algorithm analysis to begin with and how we can actually construct the paradigm of thinking for
Big O notation.
So if you're already familiar Big-O notation maybe you've already taken in algorithms and data structures
class and you've covered it and understand this already.
Feel free to just look over the Jupiter notebooks.
Take the quiz at the end of the section and quiz yourself if you've passed all of them then you're probably
good to go.
If not feel free to watch the lectures and follow along.
Throughout this section this section approaches the topic as if you've never heard of Big O notation
before.
So just keep that in mind as always links the note books are provided in the additional resource section
of this lecture so go ahead and check them out.
There's a link to the NBA viewer as well as the hub notebooks.
OK with that all being said lets go ahead and begin